'\" t
.\" ** The above line should force tbl to be a preprocessor **
.\" Man page for debpool
.\"
.\" Copyright 2003-2004 Joel Aelwyn
.\" Copyright 2007-2008 Andres Mejia
.\"
.\" $Id: debpool.1 27 2004-11-07 03:06:59Z joel $
.\"
.TH debpool 1 "10 January 2008" "debpool v0.2.4" "Debian Pool Archive Manager"
.SH NAME
debpool \- pool-based Debian package archive manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.\" The general command line
.B debpool
[\|
.I options
\|]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B debpool
is a utility for managing pool-based archives of Debian packages. It
can be run by individual users, and/or under a dedicated system user
configuration.
.SH OVERVIEW
This manual page describes how to specify options
for debpool when running debpool through the command line.
.SH USAGE
For an option that enables/disables a feature for debpool (boolean type),
simply use the option. For example, to enable daemon mode, run:
.P
.I debpool
.B --daemon
.P
For an option used to assign a value, use the option and specify the
value to be used. For example, to specify an archive directory to use, run:
.P
.I debpool
.B --archive_dir /path/to/dir
.P
For an option that accepts multiple values, use the option and specify the
list of values to be used. For example, to specify the architectures
debpool will create a layout for, run:
.P
.I debpool
.B --archs i386 amd64 . . .
.P
Assigning multiple values for an option may also be done by using the option
with a different value multiple times. For example, using the
example with architectures, run:
.P
.I debpool
.B --archs i386 --archs amd64 . . .
.P
For an option that uses hash values, use the option with a different hash
value as many times as necessary. For example, to specify the distributions
debpool should create a layout for, run:
.P
.I debpool
.B --dists unstable=sid --dists experimental=experimental . . .
.P
.SH OPTIONS
See the
.BR DebPool::Config(5)
manpage for details on all configuration options.
.SH DEFAULTS
See the
.BR DebPool::Config(5)
manpage for details on configuration option defaults.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/share/debpool/perl5/DebPool/Config.pm
Program (internal) defaults file.
.TP
.I /etc/debpool/Config.pm
System defaults file.
.TP
.I $HOME/.debpool/Config.pm
User defaults file.
.SH BUGS
Please submit any bugs relating to debpool to the Debian Bug Tracking System.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR DebPool::Config(5)
.br
.BR Getopt::Long(3perl)
.SH AUTHORS
Copyright (c) Andres Mejia
.br
This manual page was written for the Debian project, but may be used by
others.
